Oh
with the dr. octorex guitar collection
refill you can now add great sounding
guitar parts to your songs quickly and
easily the included dr. octorex patches
have been carefully programmed so that
composing a song using a tried-and-true
chord progression method is as easy as
selecting loop slots while recording
then copying and pasting that same
pattern track to any additional dr.
octorex guitar patch tracks that you
create
let's start out with a 16-bar drum
pattern and this patch which is an
electric rhythm guitar and it's in the
folder major scale cherie key of c as
you can see here we already have a song
progression where we have a one four
five progression for the first four bars
and then a11 major 7 4 & 5 progression
for the next one since we are starting
out on the key of c-major you can see
the chords that are being played here on
this chart then we program the bridge by
switching to a 2 minor 6 minor and minor
7 progression for the first 4 bars and a
2 minor 6 minor 7 and 5 dominant chord
for the last four to resolve back to the
first position
and again following the chart you can
see the chords that were played here now
that I have the chord progression all
laid out adding additional guitar
textures is as easy as selecting and
adding a new dr. octorex choosing a
patch in the same key and just copying
and pasting the pattern track we just
created - a pattern track in this new
track
this reflow comes with loops in the key
of a C D E and G and if you need a
different key all you need to do is use
the global transpose keys right here on
the dr. octorex
you